AMA Waterways is this newer river cruise line in the industry.
They debuted in 2002. A lot of people know them as Amadeus as well.
They’re fantastic. They really are setting a standard now in the industry
for what is a luxury river cruise experience. So
they have beautiful cabins that are larger,
they have more Juliet balconies, floor to ceiling windows.
It, it really adds a whole new dimension to your,
your experience in Russia or Europe or Portugal.
You really kinda get to see these beautiful
areas of these countries and, and these rivers
in a whole different atmosphere. You cruise leisurely down them.
You see towns that you would never have been able to stop or see.
You see castles up on the river banks all the time. It’s common.
A lot of times onboard they have teaching seminars or
local historians and local dancers, I mean, things you would pay to go see.
Most of the excursions are included, you know, you get to have
hour to two hour city or town tours by local guides
who are absolutely experienced in the culture and history.
I think they have to be trained for something like nine years
before they can even be a guide. They really try to gear to the area they are,
so they have specific itineraries and they try to make sure they match
the cuisine and the gastronomy
to the area that you’re in as well as the regional wines.
So the dining for sure is gourmet right down from the breakfast
to the snacks, to, you know, your dinner.
Not only in the preparation of it but in the presentation.
And really cameras are clicking all the time before you start eating.
You want to take a picture of your food. On the river cruise ships
there is usually a couple different types of cabin categories.
They’ve got of course their beautiful cabins that kind of you start out with
and, and some will have a window. The majority, 80 to 82%
I think have the floor to ceiling windows, many with Juliet balconies.
With their junior suites they accommodate for larger room, 255 square feet.
They’ve got a sofa, two chairs as well as the bedding.
Full bath like a, you know, a larger bathroom area.
Many people who do river cruises do two weeks.
They go right from Amsterdam to Budapest.
And when you take into consideration the Euro,
what meals, the type of meals, the quality and standard,
the accommodations, the tours,
the end of the day it’s always, always worth every penny.